README.md, before:

# Portfolio Tracker

It is a telegram bot that follows assets' prices according to your portfolio. Also it supports custom alert conditions for your thresholds. When condition hits, it sends a notification to your telegram acount.

It supports only BIST(Borsa Istanbul). But you can add a new behavior for exchange api then it runs according to it.
(Current exchange api is [collect_api](https://collectapi.com/tr/api/economy/altin-doviz-ve-borsa-api) free version :) )

Behavior for Exchange Api
```
defmodule PortfolioTracker.ExchangeApi do
  alias PortfolioTracker.ExchangeApi.Models.StockInfo

  @callback get_live_prices() :: {:ok, [StockInfo.t()]} | any
  @callback get_live_prices(list()) :: {:ok, [StockInfo.t()]} | any
end
```
You can set config to decide which exchange api runs on which environment.
```
import Config

config :portfolio_tracker,
  exchange_api: PortfolioTracker.CollectApi,

import_config "dev.secret.exs"

```


## Bot
[<img width="398" alt="Screen Shot 2021-04-30 at 22 30 11" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13722649/116748942-daaa8280-aa08-11eb-8502-43f1bda81e2d.png">](https://t.me/foter_portfolio_tracker_bot)

[Try It](https://t.me/foter_portfolio_tracker_bot)


### How to use
1. Firstly you should create a portfolio.
2. Then you can add or remove any number of assets to your portfolio.
3. Also you can add or remove custom alerts to your portfolio.
4. You can learn current value of assets.

<img width="410" alt="Screen Shot 2021-05-12 at 19 38 35" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13722649/118012635-f0e60600-b359-11eb-969c-c0209764e21a.png">


### Bot Commands

| Commands         | Explanation                                                                      | Example        |
|:---------------- |:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :--------------|
| `/create`        | It creates a portfolio for you.                                                  | `/create`      |
| `/get`           | It returns your portfolio.                                                       | `/get`         |
| `/get_detail`    | It returns your portfolio with detail.                                           | `/get_detail`  |
| `/live`          | It calculates your potfolio with live  prices.                                   | `/live`        |
| `/add_asset`     | It adds asset to your portfolio.                                                 | `/add_asset name count price` (name must be same with exchange identifier)  |
| `/delete_asset`  | It deletes asset from portfolie.                                                 | `/delete_asset name`        |
| `/set_alert`     | It creates a alert for a asset. When it hits target, it send notification to you.| `/set_alert type name target_price`  (type -> upper_limit or lower_limit)           |
| `/get_alerts`    | It returns active alerts for your portfolio.                                     | `/get_alerts`  |
| `/start`         | Alias for `/help `                                                               | `/live`        |
| `/help`          | Help()                                                                       | `/help`        |

Commit message:

Add asset type to differentiate as crypto and bist

README.md, after:

# Portfolio Tracker

It is a Telegram bot that follows asset's prices according to your portfolio.
Also it supports custom alert conditions for your thresholds. When condition hits, it sends a notification to your telegram acount.

Currently it supports two types of asset. These are :bist(a.k.a The Borsa İstanbul) and :crypto(Crypto currency).

For BIST current price of stocks are fed by [collect_api](https://collectapi.com/tr/api/economy/altin-doviz-ve-borsa-api) free version :)

Behavior for Exchange Api
```
defmodule PortfolioTracker.ExchangeApi do
  alias PortfolioTracker.ExchangeApi.Models.StockInfo

  @callback get_live_prices() :: {:ok, [StockInfo.t()]} | any
  @callback get_live_prices(list()) :: {:ok, [StockInfo.t()]} | any
end
```
You can set config to decide which exchange api runs on which environment.
```
import Config

config :portfolio_tracker,
  exchange_api: PortfolioTracker.CollectApi,

import_config "dev.secret.exs"

```


## Bot
[<img width="398" alt="Screen Shot 2021-04-30 at 22 30 11" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13722649/116748942-daaa8280-aa08-11eb-8502-43f1bda81e2d.png">](https://t.me/foter_portfolio_tracker_bot)

[Try It](https://t.me/foter_portfolio_tracker_bot)


### How to use
1. Firstly you should create a portfolio.
2. Then you can add or remove any number of assets to your portfolio.
3. Also you can add or remove custom alerts to your portfolio.
4. You can learn current value of assets.

<img width="410" alt="Screen Shot 2021-05-12 at 19 38 35" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13722649/118012635-f0e60600-b359-11eb-969c-c0209764e21a.png">


### Bot Commands

| Commands          | Explanation                                                                      | Example        |
|:----------------  |:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :--------------|
| `/create`         | It creates a portfolio for you.                                                  | `/create`      |
| `/get`            | It returns your portfolio.                                                       | `/get`         |
| `/get_detail`     | It returns your portfolio with detail.                                           | `/get_detail`  |
| `/live`           | It calculates your potfolio with live  prices.                                   | `/live`        |
| `/get_asset_types`| It returns supported asset types                                                 | `/get_asset_types`  |
| `/add_asset`      | It adds asset to your portfolio.                                                 | `/add_asset type name count price` (name must be same with exchange identifier)  |
| `/delete_asset`  | It deletes asset from portfolie.                                                 | `/delete_asset name`        |
| `/set_alert`     | It creates a alert for a asset. When it hits target, it send notification to you.| `/set_alert type name target_price`  (type -> upper_limit or lower_limit)           |
| `/get_alerts`     | It returns active alerts for your portfolio.                                     | `/get_alerts`  |
| `/start`          | Alias for `/help `                                                               | `/live`        |
| `/help`           | Help()                                                                           | `/help`        |
